(BRIGHT ELECTRIC GUITAR MUSIC)
(CHEERFUL PIANO MUSIC)
♪ CLOSING TIME,
OPEN ALL THE DOORS ♪
♪ AND LET YOU OUT
INTO THE WORLD ♪
♪ CLOSING TIME, TURN
ALL OF THE LIGHTS ON ♪
♪ OVER EVERY BOY
AND EVERY GIRL ♪
♪ CLOSING TIME, ONE
LAST CALL FOR ALCOHOL ♪
♪ SO, FINISH YOUR
WHISKEY OR BEER ♪
♪ CLOSING TIME, YOU
DON'T HAVE TO GO HOME ♪
♪ BUT YOU CAN'T STAY HERE ♪
♪ I KNOW WHO I WANT
TO TAKE ME HOME ♪
♪ TAKE ME HOME ♪
♪ CLOSING TIME, TIME
FOR YOU TO GO OUT ♪
♪ TO THE PLACES
YOU WILL BE FROM ♪
♪ CLOSING TIME, THIS
ROOM WON'T BE OPEN ♪
♪ TILL YOUR BROTHERS
OR YOUR SISTERS COME ♪
♪ SO, GATHER UP YOUR JACKETS,
MOVE IT TO THE EXITS ♪
♪ I HOPE YOU HAVE
FOUND A FRIEND ♪
♪ CLOSING TIME,
EVERY NEW BEGINNING ♪
♪ COMES FROM SOME OTHER
BEGINNING'S END, YEAH ♪
♪ I KNOW WHO I WANT
TO TAKE ME HOME ♪
♪ TAKE ME HOME ♪
(CHEERFUL MUSIC)
(BRIGHT ELECTRIC GUITAR MUSIC)
♪ CLOSING TIME, TIME
FOR YOU TO GO OUT ♪
♪ TO THE PLACES
YOU WILL BE FROM ♪
♪ I KNOW WHO I WANT
TO TAKE ME HOME ♪
♪ TAKE ME HOME ♪
(BRIGHT ELECTRIC GUITAR MUSIC)
♪ CLOSING TIME,
EVERY NEW BEGINNING ♪
♪ COMES FROM SOME
OTHER BEGINNING'S END ♪
(SOFT PIANO MUSIC)